couchdb for openshift
=====================

This git repository allows to have couchdb on Red Hat OpenShift.

The .openshift directory contains the necessary build action_hook to download
couchdb source code and all it's dependencies and build from scratch.

Running on OpenShift
--------------------

Create an account at http://openshift.redhat.com/

Create a Openshift application (using any application name you want)

Add this upstream repository::

    cd appname
    git remote add couchdb-for-openshift -m master git://github.com/marianoguerra/couchdb-for-openshift.git
    git pull -s recursive -X theirs couchdb-for-openshift master

Then push the repo upstream::

    git push

Now go play an come back around one hour later and you will have a running couchdb
instance.

.. note::

        after a build the last line should be 

        remote: Running .openshift/action_hooks/post_deploy

        if it doesn't return to the shell you may have to do ctrl-c

The next step is to make it secure, go to

http://appname-$yournamespace.rhcloud.com/_utils

and click "Fix this" on the bottom right corner and setup an admin user.

After this if you don't want the data to be world readabable go to "Configuration"
on the right panel and change "require_valid_user" to true.

try accessing futon with an unauthenticated session and it should ask you for
credentials before showing you anything.

How does it work
----------------

it fetches and builds:

* ICU (international components for unicode)
* spidermonkey (JS engine)
* erlang
* couchdb

and then makes some configuration changes to couchdb.

author
------

marianoguerra

license
-------

Don't know if it's needed but in case you need it, everything here is MIT.
